# Cover Letter
To those in charge of hiring at Pulsara,

I was employed at Zoot Enterprises as a Microservices Developer and was working with the Core Software Integration team. My time at Zoot has given me extensive experience with full stack development, in particular I focused on the automation of deployments. I have authored several of these automation projects, deployed with Ansible playbooks and Jenkins, to seamlessly integrate software to servers with a single click. Working at Zoot required me to develop with their own proprietary front end software for clients, procuring data for them and presenting it in an intuitive format. I was also responsible for a CSS library, and have developed additional CSS classes for our products in conjunction with modern browser technologies. Not only do I have experience developing across platforms, but have also mentored employees from across teams on how to build cross platform products. I have worked across multiple platforms as well: From configuring connections to Europe and mapping their data to our front end to formatting for client specific requirements to comply with their policies and standards.

I also have a great deal of experience with data analysis due to my statistics and calculus coursework at Montana State. Although we were required to use Matlab and R, I have also used Java, C++, and Python to develop my own data analytics procedures. While I was still getting my first degree (BS in Biotechnology), I took it upon myself to make a web scraper built in Java to compile publicly available information for Heat Shock Protein for the Wiedenheft lab. 

My time in the professional world has also given me additional experience with Webex meetings, daily stand ups, company round table meetings, and team level meetings. I am also experienced in technical writing, and provide written documentation for new products that I have developed at Zoot. I have used exclusively Microsoft Office products for spreadsheets, documents, and collaboration.

This position would allow me the chance to use my skills and hobbies in an environment where I truly believe I can make a difference for the software engineering team at Pulsara.
